 Silicon Valley in California, from here companies like Apple and Google have conquered  the world, but their success has come at a price.  Yeah, there's not much to see it's the people all you're from outside, so you must  be very wealthy.  Well, I was living in Los Altos before it became, you know, that's very exclusive area  to live.  David is a tradesman.  The rise of tech companies has made it impossible to pay rent.  For three years, he's been living in a van, right next to Google's campus.  I was living in a house, it was a two-bedroom house, it was paying about 2400 a month.  I was doing okay.  Well, the guy realizes he can get 5,000 a month for this place, right?  So he tells me, you got to go when the lease is up, I'm going to remodel.  And so people like me, like I've been here in my whole life, I got nowhere to go.  Silicon Valley and San Francisco belong to the Bay Area.  As of 2021, there were around 35,000 homeless people here, alongside the highest density  of billionaires in the world.  And the pandemic has only exacerbated that inequality.  It really precludes any possibility of us having a meaningful democracy when some people  in our community have not only their basic needs assured, but every conceivable object of  populace and other people can't even survive.  I think the exposes that our pretense of democracy in this country is something of a farce.  Facebook, Google, Amazon, and Apple have changed the global economy.  Have they become too big in the process?  Politicians seem to want to limit the company's power.  The purpose of today's hearing is to examine the dominance of Amazon, Apple, Facebook, and  Google.  And tech bosses have been called to testify before Congress.  The tech industry is an American success trait.  The products we build have changed the world and improved people's lives.  Google aims to build products that increase access to opportunity for everyone.  No matter where you live, what you believe, or how much money you are.  Tech companies don't see their marketplace power as a problem.  One of the biggest problems that Silicon Valley leaders have is that they believe that  because their intentions are good, that the outcomes will be good.  And that it's really hard for them to imagine that despite their good efforts, some things  have gone completely down the train.